2020-10-18

I am the psychotherapist.  Please, describe your problems.  Each time
you are finished talking, type RET twice.

A: I want to copy flutter table, but the imports I cannot easily handle

Is it because the imports you cannot easily handle that you came to
me?

A: why cannot I use non-nullable dart language feature? I have dart
2.11.0-something.dev ?


Is it because cannot you use non nullable dart language feature you
have dart 2 11 0 something dev that you came to me?

A: Why does updating flutter and dart takes so long? It downloads
things all the time. It's because I don't know what am I doing.


Does it bother you that you do not know what are you doing?

A: I don't think that simply putting different number of cells in each
row I can get anywhere. Lets see if I can merge cells 

When did you first know that simply putting different number of cells
in each row you can get anywhere lets see if you can merge cells?

A: If I wan't to "merge" two cells, should I don't render second cell
and render first cell on place of second?

Why do you say that?

A: I cannot set value in debug

Earlier you said cannot you use non nullable dart language feature you
have dart 2 11 0 something dev?

A: I think it is not supported 
https://discuss.kotlinlang.org/t/unable-to-set-value-of-variable-in-debugger/7267/2

Maybe your life has something to do with this.

A:How do I get size of several children (ex. two in a row) and combine them?

Is the fact that do you get size of several children ex two in a row
and combine them the real reason?

A: Borders and cell content are drawn separately. Good to know.

I don't understand.

A: Outer border and lines between cells are drawn separately.

You mentioned that you do not know what are you doing?

A: So if I'll draw a border of each cell separately, will this help me
draw merged cell?

Perhaps your plans have something to do with this.

A: How to get size of each child?

Does the fact that to get size of each child explain anything else?

A: Merged cells somehow should be treated as a single
cell. i.e. getting width and height for each single individual merged
cell should return common height and width. How to do it? Have some
kind of aggregate object/widget?

Are you sure to do it have some kind of aggregate object widget?

